jingle bells crap my pants
oh wait I'm not wearing pants oh very
Christmas who are you why I'm Santa
Claus
Santa Claus is that a fruit or a
vegetable oh no I'm a person you're kind
of red you could be an apple no I bring
presents to all the good children on
Christmas presents why yes I want one
billion dollars well that's a bit much
don't you think
I want a billion dollars in a gallon of
gas per gallon of gas yeah cuz I'm
running out of juice I know
hey hey Santa yes Santa hey what can I
give you a present well that was very
nice hey hey Santa what do you like to
go to the beach yeah they're not gonna
call you sandy Claus it's Santa hey
sandy
Santa hey sandy hey it's Santa hey you
wanna hear the most annoying sound in
the world
No
stop stop okay okay you know there are
some naughty boys and girls out there
but you you topped the list who taught
you your manners you aren't getting
anything but coal in your sock this year
socks how can I wear socks I don't even
have feet
you're an apple